GLOSSARY OF IMPORTANT METRICS, RATIOS and INDICATORS 

Tangible book value per share (TBVPS) is the value of a company's tangible assets divided by its current outstanding shares. TBVPS determines the potential value per share of a company in the event that it must liquidate its assets

EBITDA, or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, is a measure of a company's overall financial performance and is used as an alternative to net income in some circumstances.

The price-to-book ratio or P/B ratio measures whether a stock is over or undervalued by comparing the net value (assets - liabilities) of a company to its market capitalization

The price-to-earnings ratio (P/E ratio) is a metric that helps investors determine the market value of a stock compared to the company's earnings. In short, the P/E ratio shows what the market is willing to pay today for a stock based on its past or future earnings.

Free cash flow (FCF) is the cash produced by a company through its operations, minus the cost of expenditures.1
In other words, free cash flow is the cash left over after a company pays for its operating expenses and capital expenditures (CapEx).

The price/earnings-to-growth (PEG) ratio is a modified version of the P/E ratio that also takes earnings growth into account. The P/E ratio doesn't always tell you whether or not the ratio is appropriate for the company's forecasted growth rate. 

Enterprise value (EV) is a measure of a company's total value, often used as a more comprehensive alternative to equity market capitalization. EV includes in its calculation the market capitalization of a company but also short-term and long-term debt as well as any cash on the company's balance sheet.

The current ratio is a liquidity ratio that measures a company’s ability to pay short-term obligations or those due within one year. It tells investors and analysts how a company can maximize the current assets on its balance sheet to satisfy its current debt and other payables.

Intrinsic value is a measure of what an asset is worth. The calculation of the intrinsic value formula of the stock is done by dividing the value of the business by the number of outstanding shares of the company.( discounted cash flow (DCF) model is a commonly used valuation method to determine a company's intrinsic value).
https://www.fool.com/investing/how-to-invest/stocks/intrinsic-value/

Book value is equal to the cost of carrying an asset on a company's balance sheet, and firms calculate it netting the asset against its accumulated depreciation. As a result, book value can also be thought of as the net asset value (NAV) of a company, calculated as its total assets minus intangible assets (patents, goodwill) and liabilities

Book value and intrinsic value are two ways to measure the value of a company. There are a number of differences between them, but essentially book value is a measure of the present, while intrinsic value takes into account estimates into the future.

The Graham number (or Benjamin Graham's number) measures a stock's fundamental value by taking into account the company's earnings per share (EPS) and book value per share (BVPS).https://www.investopedia.com/terms/g/graham-number.asp'

The Altman Z-score is a formula for determining whether a company, notably in the manufacturing space, is headed for bankruptcy. 
(https://site.financialmodelingprep.com/developer/docs/piotroski-score)

The Piotroski score is a discrete score between zero and nine that reflects nine criteria used to determine the strength of a firm's financial position. The Piotroski score is used to determine the best value stocks, with nine being the best and zero being the worst.

